README.md, before:

# Kaitos

**Kaitos** is Kaito's ~~monstrosity~~ UI library, design system, content strategy, or whatever you wanna call it.

<details>

- Note to self: #blunderland and #wonderland both refer to this thing.

</details>


## Name

You know the deal, as a dev, you should name your project after a mythical character.

**Phoenix** (Apache Phoenix),
**Sphinx** (CMU Sphinx, Sphinx documentation generator),
**Apollo** (Apollo GraphQL) and **Cassandra** (Apache Cassandra),
**Kerberos** (MIT Kerberos),
etc.

I decided on **Kaitos**, as in Cetus the sea monster from Greek mythology. \
Get it? Cetus, Zeta Ceti, Baten Kaitos (the star or constellation or whatever), and ultimately referencing [the game of the same name][baten-kaitos-imdb] (its main character is a cool blue-haired guy, GET IT?!).

<details>

### Names considered

Blunderland and Kaitos were the main candidates.

#### npm scope

npm namespaces (users or orgs):

- ~~simplex~~

- ~~wonderland~~
- [ ] blunderland, but GitHub user exists.
- [ ] ineptitude, but it's long, kinda negative, and doesn't describe the project.
- ~~glacier~~ as in "Might as well try to hustle a glacier".

- ~~kaito~~
- [ ] kaitos, but GitHub user exists.
- ~~kaizen~~ https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system

- ~~trainwreck~~ as in "train(wreck) of thoughts".

</details>

[baten-kaitos-wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baten_Kaitos:_Eternal_Wings_and_the_Lost_Ocean "Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean - Wikipedia"
[baten-kaitos-imdb]: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0426408/ "Baten kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean - IMDb"


## Principals

The main thing is: The user is frustrated and short-tempered, so get straight to the point. \
Automated whatever is automatable. \
Set sensible defaults when it makes sense.

Keep it simple and plain (flat?).

Still, you should use visual metaphors.


## Components

- [AudioQuote](./packages/audioquote/)
    * Demo: https://kaitos-audioquote.vercel.app/

- [ ] VideoQuote

- [Passage](./packages/passage/): `k-passage` web component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-passage.vercel.app/

- [Animated Image](./packages/animated-image/): `k-animated-image` web component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-animated-image.vercel.app/

- [Scroll to top](./packages/scroll-to-top/)
    * Demo: https://kaitos-scroll-to-top.vercel.app/

- [ ] Train of thought

- [ ] TextDivider `<hr />`

- [ ] EndMarker `<end />`

- [ ] ...

---

END.

Commit message:

Rename scroll-to-top to back-to-top

README.md, after:

# Kaitos

**Kaitos** is Kaito's ~~monstrosity~~ UI library, design system, content strategy, or whatever you wanna call it.

<details>

- Note to self: #blunderland and #wonderland both refer to this thing.

</details>


## Name

You know the deal, as a dev, you should name your project after a mythical character.

**Phoenix** (Apache Phoenix),
**Sphinx** (CMU Sphinx, Sphinx documentation generator),
**Apollo** (Apollo GraphQL) and **Cassandra** (Apache Cassandra),
**Kerberos** (MIT Kerberos),
etc.

I decided on **Kaitos**, as in Cetus the sea monster from Greek mythology. \
Get it? Cetus, Zeta Ceti, Baten Kaitos (the star or constellation or whatever), and ultimately referencing [the game of the same name][baten-kaitos-imdb] (its main character is a cool blue-haired guy, GET IT?!).

<details>

### Names considered

Blunderland and Kaitos were the main candidates.

#### npm scope

npm namespaces (users or orgs):

- ~~simplex~~

- ~~wonderland~~
- [ ] blunderland, but GitHub user exists.
- [ ] ineptitude, but it's long, kinda negative, and doesn't describe the project.
- ~~glacier~~ as in "Might as well try to hustle a glacier".

- ~~kaito~~
- [ ] kaitos, but GitHub user exists.
- ~~kaizen~~ https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system

- ~~trainwreck~~ as in "train(wreck) of thoughts".

</details>

[baten-kaitos-wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baten_Kaitos:_Eternal_Wings_and_the_Lost_Ocean "Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean - Wikipedia"
[baten-kaitos-imdb]: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0426408/ "Baten kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean - IMDb"


## Principals

The main thing is: The user is frustrated and short-tempered, so get straight to the point. \
Automated whatever is automatable. \
Set sensible defaults when it makes sense.

Keep it simple and plain (flat?).

Still, you should use visual metaphors.


## Components

- [AudioQuote](./packages/audioquote/): React component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-audioquote.vercel.app/

- [Passage](./packages/passage/): `k-passage` web component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-passage.vercel.app/

- [Animated Image](./packages/animated-image/): `k-animated-image` web component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-animated-image.vercel.app/

- [Back-to-top](./packages/back-to-top/): `k-back-to-top` web component.
    * Demo: https://kaitos-back-to-top.vercel.app/

- [ ] TextDivider `<hr />`

- [ ] EndMarker `<end />`

- [ ] Train of thought

- [ ] ...

---

END.
